cannot allow living standards to get
worse and worse and worse year after
year and keep promising people Jam
tomorrow you know they're not idiots
they're not idiots people increasingly
know the ship is sinking they're losing
faith in political parties who
continually promise growth and all they
deliver is falling living standards
they're losing faith in a media which
keeps telling them it's one two years of
recession when people can clearly see
it's 20 years of continually worsing
living standards and they want an
alternative they they and and they have
every right to demand an alternative
they have every right to demand an
alternative because they can see the
ship is sinking more and more people can
see that and they are demanding an
alternative and it's I think it was
Milton fredman who said in times of
Crisis the alternative will be chosen
from the ideas lying around at the time
and everybody can see what the loudest
and most popular alternative voices
which is the problem is immigrants the
problem is foreigners that is the
loudest alternative voice these guys
will increasingly get power it will not
improve living standards because they're
not dealing with the fundamental problem
of inequality and then they will say the
problem is we didn't go far enough